Add note to cloud shell quickstart page about case sensitivity (#12638)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-cloud/cloud-secure-clusters/add-users.md

1. Authorize their network so that they can access the cluster. Refer to [Assign IP allow lists](../../cloud-secure-clusters/add-connections/).
1. Send them the credentials.

{{< note title="Database users and case sensitivity" >}}

> Like SQL, both YSQL and YCQL are case-insensitive by default. When specifying an identifier, such as the name of a table or role, YSQL/YCQL automatically converts the identifier to lowercase. For example, `CREATE ROLE Alice` creates the role "alice". To use a case-sensitive name for an identifier, enclose the name in quotes. For example, to create the role "Alice", use `CREATE ROLE "Alice"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like SQL and CQL, both YSQL and YCQL are case-insensitive by default. When specifying an identifier, such as the name of a table or role, YSQL and YCQL automatically convert the identifier to lowercase. For example, `CREATE ROLE Alice` creates the role "alice". To use a case-sensitive name for an identifier, enclose the name in quotes. For example, to create the role "Alice", use `CREATE ROLE "Alice"`.
```
